---
sidebar_position: 0
---
# Introduction

Welcom to the documentation of our dashboard

## Description

The dashboard provides an intuitive interface for users to visualize data on interactive maps, manage users and access permissions, access the incident management section to report, track, and manage incidents related to mapping projects, view a detailed history of actions taken within the system, allowing users to track changes and updates over time, export data in csv form from the dashboard for further analysis or sharing purposes, facilitating seamless data management workflows, Customize and configure dashboard settings according to user preferences, including user profiles, find answers to frequently asked questions regarding the functionality and usage of the Map Action Dashboard, providing users with self-help resources for common queries, access online assistance and support resources, including tutorials, guides, and troubleshooting tips to help users navigate and utilize the dashboard effectively, and receive real-time updates and notifications.

### Data Visualization

The Data Visualization section serves as the dashboard's landing page, featuring four main views:

#### 1. Overview
The Overview view provides a comprehensive summary of incident data, including:
- Total number of incidents
- Percentages of resolved and handled incidents
- Percentages compared to the previous month
This view also includes:
- An interactive map displaying incidents
- A chart showing incidents categorized by anonymous or registered users
- A chart displaying incidents by zone
The page can be filtered by month.

#### 2. Incident View
The Incident View displays all relevant information pertaining to individual incidents.

#### 3. Analysis View
The Analysis View presents information generated by AI and LLM discussion.

#### 4. Collaboration View
The Collaboration View showcases:
- Number of collaborations
- Number of incidents handled
- An interactive map displaying incidents.

Each view offers unique insights and functionalities tailored to different aspects of incident, analysis, and collaboration.


### Incident Management
To view an incident, follow these steps:
1. Go to the "Incident" section.
2. Click on the "View Incident" button.
3. Click on the "delete", button to delete an incident.
4. In the modal click "confirm" button.

### Action History

The Action History section allows users to view all the actions they have performed within the dashboard. This includes actions such as reporting incidents, resolving incidents, and collaborating on incidents. Users can track the number of incidents they have handled, resolved, and collaborated on over time.


### Data Export

To export data in CSV format:
1. Go to the "Export Data" section.
2. Select the data to export and choose the desired time range (day, month, or year).
3. Click on the "Export" button to download the data.


### Online Support and Assistance

#### 1. Tutorials and Guides
- **Tutorials:** Step-by-step guides to help users navigate and utilize the dashboard effectively.
- **User Guides:** Comprehensive documentation covering all features and functionalities of the dashboard.
- **FAQs:** Frequently asked questions with detailed answers to common queries.

#### 2. Troubleshooting Tips
- **Common Issues:** Solutions to common problems and issues users may encounter while using the dashboard.
- **Troubleshooting Guides:** Detailed guides to troubleshoot specific technical issues.

#### 4. Contact Support
- **Contact Information:** Contact details for reaching out to the support team for further assistance.
- **Response Time:** Information on expected response times for support inquiries.

## Target Audience

### Primary Users 

The dashboard is designed to meet the needs of the following users:

#### 1. Developer
Developers utilize the dashboard to:
- **Analyze** logs and performance data for debugging application.
- **Collaborate** with the team by sharing reports and insights.

#### 2. End Users
End users interact with the dashboard to:
- **Report** incidents related to mapping projects.
- **Track** the status of reported incidents.
- **Access** visualizations and reports for data analysis.

